Prepare docs for AWS re:Invent release (#883)
localstack/docs: content/en/user-guide/cloud-sandbox/_index.md

---
title: "Cloud Sandbox"
linkTitle: "Cloud Sandbox"
weight: 12
description: >
  You can run a LocalStack instance as a Cloud Sandbox and access it from your local machine.
cascade:
  type: docs
---

## Introduction

> LocalStack Cloud Sandbox allow you to run an LocalStack instance in the cloud. LocalStack Cloud Sandbox encompasses the following features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LocalStack Cloud Sandbox allows you to run an ephemeral LocalStack instance in the cloud. LocalStack Cloud Sandbox encompasses the following features:
```
